bro what did you mean by this
this is the worst thing anyone has ever said in this server
I screenshot this and sent it to your mom
I'm calling the police
this message changed my life and not in a good way
you typed this with your whole chest huh
the FBI has been notified
I showed this to my therapist and she started crying
this is going in the group chat
say that again but slower
you really thought you did something here
I can't believe you would say this in front of everyone
this is your villain origin story
you need to be stopped
I'm telling HR
everyone saw this. there's no taking it back.
I've never been more disappointed in a human being
this is exactly what a serial killer would say
the founding fathers didn't die for this
every day we stray further from god and it's because of you
I just read this out loud and my dog left the room
this has the same energy as a car crash you can't look away from
you should be in jail for this
I'm printing this and putting it on the fridge as a warning
this message has negative aura
who hurt you
blink twice if you need help
this is the most unhinged thing I've read today and I've been on Twitter
you're on a list now
I showed this to a priest and he started praying
I'm not even mad I'm just confused
are you ok? genuinely asking
this is why nobody invites you to things
I need you to explain this to a jury of your peers
you really woke up and chose violence with this one
I'm going to pretend I didn't see this
this haunts me
reading this lowered my credit score
this message has a restraining order against good taste
I felt my IQ drop reading this
you should be studied by scientists
this is the linguistic equivalent of a war crime
how do I unread something
the council will decide your fate
this is worse than anything I could have imagined
you said this with zero hesitation huh
I need an adult
my ancestors are rolling in their graves right now
this message is cursed
congratulations this is the worst thing I've ever seen
you owe everyone in this server an apology
I'm going to therapy because of this
this is why the aliens won't visit us
I had to read this three times and it got worse each time
this message violated the Geneva Convention
you typed this, looked at it, and hit send anyway. remarkable.
I'm not angry I'm disappointed
the audacity of this message
I showed this to my cat and she hissed at the screen
this is getting reported to the United Nations
I need you to log off and think about what you've done
you can't just SAY things like this
this is exhibit A in the case against humanity
I physically recoiled reading this
this message should come with a warning label
the internet was a mistake and this proves it
I'm going to go touch grass after reading this
this is going on your permanent record
you said this in a public channel. on purpose. wow.
I'm telling your grandma
whoever raised you owes the world an apology
this message just ruined my whole day
I'm printing this out and burning it in a cleansing ritual
the energy of this message is deeply concerning
I showed this to Siri and she shut herself off
you had 26 letters and unlimited combinations and you chose THAT
this is why we can't have nice things
the CIA doesn't even have clearance for this level of unhinged
I'm going to need you to delete your account after this one
you should be legally required to warn people before you speak
this just activated my fight or flight response
I showed this to a mirror and the mirror cracked
absolutely nobody asked for this and yet here we are
this message just shortened my lifespan
I gasped out loud reading this. at work. in a meeting.
every word in this sentence is worse than the last
I think this message gave me a disease
you owe me compensation for the emotional damage this caused
this has the same energy as a toddler with a knife
the simulation is breaking and it's your fault
I'm saving this for when you run for office
this is the verbal equivalent of stepping on a lego
you should be embarrassed but I know you're not and that's worse
I'm going to need you to sit in the corner and think
this is a cry for help and I'm choosing to ignore it
I just lost brain cells I'll never get back
this message should be classified as a biohazard
the sheer audacity. the absolute gall. the unmitigated nerve.
I'm convinced you're an AI that failed the Turing test
this is what rock bottom looks like in text form
you need supervision. constant, unwavering supervision.
I don't know what's worse, that you thought this or that you typed it out
this message is the reason other species avoid Earth
